In this infrastrucure, I have used 1 server, I web serverb, 1 application srver, 1 code base, and 1 domain name called www.foobar.com

A server in this design is a computer that provides services or resources to oother computers for example the one the user is requesting data from.

This domain name system used in this achitecture is called an A record or address record becouse a user types www.foobar.com and the computer translates the address to eg 8.8.8.8
The domain name in the achitecture above is very important becouse through it it provides human readable addresses that humans can remember, hence being able to reach the website easily from their own computers. The dns is also important because through it It acts as an identification fo r a certain website, ie address, as all websites have unique address and lastly the domain name also in this is very important because it enables right routing meaning a user can easily get what he/she wants without error as the computer translates the www.foobar.com to the right address hebnce giving the right output.

The web server in this architecture is used to handle the HTTP requests from the user and hence being able to return the HTML pages of www.foobar.com > The web server will only return the html pages and provide an environment in which server-side program can execute.

The application server in this achitecture serves as a backend component which is responsible for processing dynamic content and executing application logic.example generate dynamic content in respoce to a user, interact with the database including others

The databse in this achitecture will be useful for storing and managing data used by web applications. It is the one that provides an organized way of storing, retrieving, and managing data of the user.

In this architectute the server is using HTTP(hyper text tranfer protocal) to communicate with the computer of the requesting the website.

	Problems with this achitecture

The problem with this achitecture in realation to SPOF is that since al the components are hosted on a single server, then incase of an issue or failure of the server then the whole website could go down and become unavailabe.

Another issue with this achitectute is that scalling this achitecture would be very hard because as the trafic increase the single server may not be able to handle the load efficiently.

and lastly a problem of maintainace such as updates, backups and monitoring become complex when managing multiple services on a single server.
